Ideas are some pretty interesting things, and as any sensible self-obsessed selfish individualist narcissistic first-world inhabitant hopefully recognizes, that his or her own ideas are the only ones that matter. 

Anyway, I'm not too old yet, or at least, I'm sixteen at time of writing, and I've been active online for something of about 6 years. That's quite a long time, and over that time, I've accumulated quite a bit of writing. Writing is the means of conveying ideas, and I'm fairly certain that I've had plenty of those. 

The problem with humans, is that we tend to think in our own time frames. We have access to all our mental faculties that are available to ourselves at any given moment, but this isn't necessarily the same as the memories and thoughts of even a few minutes ago, not to mention years ago. 

Hard drives, SSDs, Files, TCP Streams and Optical Media, unlike the hippocampus, doesn't tend to corrupt the stored information whenever data is accessed. This presents the interesting notion that everything that a person does, creates a snapshot of a part of their mind at any given moment. Piece together each one of these little pieces and you construct a living (or more accurately, dead, but that's not a very pleasant adjective) timeline. You can watch the mind and it's opinions evolve, and try comprehending what events signaled the radical changes in the mind.

But why should this information be public? Well, part of the reason is that it already is, and it doesn't hurt to categorize it, and it also creates a sort of backup for your thoughts which may be lost in time. 

[begin personal anecdote with no significance outside of the fact it represents the title of this project: narcissism, but really it's because I'm trying to keep my narcissism in check by not talking about myself that much, partially by talking about how I dont like talking about my self, which ends up still functioning as commentary on myself, whereby I'm still narcissistic. You can also probably tell that I have an appreciation for things which are paradoxical and recursive.]

One of my early communities that I was a member of, which I joined in the distant past year of 2006 (The Wayback machine says that it was July 05, 2006, 06:49:34 PM), was called maverickforce and it was something dedicated to the Sony PSP (more or less the first console that I was really attached to, I got mine on a birthday, incidentally it was one of the reasons I was interested in Flash, or that may have been anachronistic because my thought archive isn't created yet). I ended making something along the lines of 2237 posts there, which by any metric is a considerable quantity of my life. But alas, the site is no longer online and all this history was lost.